Introduce new cross-service structure (#4869)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: README.md

| JavaScript | [javascript/](javascript)             | 2           | ![[]](https://img.shields.io/badge/-deprecated-red)                |
| Kotlin     | [kotlin/](kotlin)                     |             | ![[]](https://img.shields.io/badge/-preview-brightgreen)           |
| PHP        | [php/](php)                           | 3           | ![[]](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GA-blue)                       |
| Python     | [python/](python)                     | 3           | ![[]](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GA-blue)                       |
| Ruby       | [ruby/](ruby)                         | 3           | ![[]](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GA-blue)                       |
| Rust       | [rust_dev_preview/](rust_dev_preview) |             | ![[]](https://img.shields.io/badge/-preview-brightgreen)           |
| Swift      | [swift/](swift)                       |             | ![[]](https://img.shields.io/badge/-preview-brightgreen)           |

Within each directory, you will find SDK-specific instructions for understanding and invoking example code.

### Example applications

> Full example applications can be found in the [applications](./applications/) directory. The examples here show how the SDKs can be used in the context of a production-like application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [applications](./applications/) directory contains the language-agnostic components of example applications, which show how the SDKs can be used in the context of a production-like application. 

To view the language-specific components for each example application, see the `cross-service` folder in the sub-directory for your desired language (e.g. `python/cross-service`).
```
